Extremely low cost and risk
Lamb, don't talk nonsense
Ass like you
What better technique could there be?
Plateau
If you have a better plan
Cui is willing to listen
But I advise you to be cautious
Your Majesty is not easy to fool
This dog man and woman
It's really a harmony
See how I punch you in the face
Standing on the tea
Their goal was simple.
It is to hire people to clear the wasteland at the fastest speed and at a low price
But the local people are mostly lazy
Clearing wasteland is hard and tiring
Tea merchants have no local prestige
Even if you pay a high price to hire someone
Then the common people will only fish for three days and dry the net for two days
That's the truth
So how do you do it?
To achieve the goal
Then you can only play with human nature
The grass-roots method is simple
You only need to do one game.
The grass-roots people are willing to call it a play
How to play with human nature
How to decide
Caomin is a tea merchant
It will be three times or five times the price first.
Hire a dozen people to clear the wasteland first
Guarding the North Hunan Army
What else is there?
That's all
I thought you would come up with something
Here it is.
I don't know what kind of son you are?
I just got hit by you.
This is it.
Can't answer
If the price is high, it will be in stock.
Calm down, everybody.
A few days before I finish speaking, let the people gather and speak
If people are lazy and sleep
Despite scolding
Anxious face
Try to pretend like a person
Local people are lazy
Mostly just and yin
In their eyes
I was jumping up and down.
Even like a funny beard
And laugh at me behind my back
Then go on your own way
But a few days later
I'll bury a few gold in this barren mountain
This Season
Just do it.